# Ronald Reagan Remember
Congressional App Challenge (CAC) video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p2ibn6fGmw<br>
Website link: https://ronaldreaganremembers.web.app
## Description
### Authentication
In order to make the app feel customed towards every individual, we put in place an account system using Firebase's built-in authentication system. Individuals visiting the app for the first time have to sign up with an email and password, which are then stored in our Firebase database. From then on, users can login with their credentials to see the rest of what the app has to offer. Each unique email can only be used once and the password must be six or more characters in length to be considered valid. With this system in place, we can track certain information about each user in order to effectively match up people of appropriate skill level in the chess game.
### Chess
#### PVC
#### PVP
### Flash Cards
Based of of cue cards used by caregivers of Alzheimer's patients, our web application has integrated a flash card feature to further help Alzheimer's patients remember the things that are important to them. Currently, it has been shown that while words often get lost with Alzheimer's patients, their memory and feelings can be triggered through the usage of cue cards, which shows images of whatever the caregivers wish to communicate to the patient to the patient. Our flash card feature makes use of this principle to further help in decreasing the progression of Alzheimer's by giving the patients an easy way to look at a great number of both images and words that will help stimulate memories of their closest family members or most cherished moments. The feature is built to be interactive and stores the information about each flashcard in Firebase's Firestore Database.
### Chats
Patients of Alzheimer's disease often end up dreading social interaction, which feeds into a vicious cycle by which their perceived self worth is lowered and they continue to avoid socializing, which eventually leads into a extremely sad state of being for these people (https://www.dementiacarecentral.com/caregiverinfo/handsoncare/socialization/). This part of our app, therefore aims to tackle this problem by giving Alzheimer's patients a way to easily socialize under the anonimity of the Internet. The chat feature of our web application is built using Firebase's Firestore database to store the messages and Firebase Storage to store images that are sent in the chat. Users must be authenticated in order to send messages and images, but the chat is completely anonymous in terms of its users. The chat functions globally, allowing all users to interact with each other without having to be anxious about in person interactions. This functions as an easy way for our users to continually practice socializing without the mental burden that is associated with in person interactions, making it easier for them to communicate with their caregivers and helping to slow the progression of their Alzheimer's.
## Contributors
Keith Kwong, Chao-Li Wei, Alex Lin
